== Getting started
 1. Install gmpoint gem:
		* gem 'gmpoint'
		* bundle install
		* rails g gmpoint:install
		* rails g gmpoint MODEL
		* add attr_accessible :location_latitude, :location_longitude, :location_address inside your model
		* rake db:migrate
 2. Add code below into application.html.erb :
		<%= google_map_api_js(your google api key code) %>
	EX:
			<%= google_map_api_js("AIzaSyA344yCug0-GhjW3XJyZmkLWLN_qtA_ziM") %>
 3. Add code below into anywhere you want :
  	<%= show_map_helper your_model %>

  EX:
 			<%= show_map_helper :users %>

  		You can set options for view
				width , height for map view
				search_box_with for search box
		
	  		EX:
					<%= show_map_helper :users, {width: 400, height: 200, search_box_width: 300} %>

== Contributing to gmpoint
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Peter Dang. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

